Now that we know how are you on our camera feature to look, what we need to do is we need to set in
place the building blocks in order for us to be able to store pictures on our phone.
Now, in order for us to do that, what we saw here is in the setting screen when we tapped on our avatar,
what we would do is pull up a settings camera screen so we would flow from this screen over to another
screen, which means navigation is one of our main concerns here.
So we're going to have to add some navigation.
If we go over into our infrastructure folder, into the navigation folder, we know that we have our
settings navigator over here and our settings Navigator has different stack screens.
So one screen that we could add over here then is the camera screen.
And we'll give it a camera screen component, which will come from the settings feature, so over here,
feature screens, settings, what we'll do is we'll add a camera screen and then we'll say in the feature
setting, screens will have a camera but screen.
And then what we need to do is build out that screen in the features folder settings, screens, now
we'll add a new file camera, dot screen dojos.
And now that we have that, what we can basically do is start building out our camera screen so we'll
do export consed camera screen.
Is equal to no for now.
Right, as equal to a function that returns not so we're not going to render out anything right off
the bat will import, react from react just to make sure.
And now what we need to do is take in this camera screen in some way.
So if we go over to the settings screen, we know over here that on the Avatar container we have our
Avatar icon.
And when we click this Avatar icon is when we want to pull up the screen.
So what we can do here is, well, we can pull in a style that touchable opacity or we could just import
touchable opacity from react native.
So let's do that import touchable opacity.
From React Native, and this, again enables us with a slight fade to do attachable around any given
elements, so we'll do a touchable opacity around the Avatar container.
And what will have that do is over here we have navigation, so what we'll do is on press will make
it go to navigation DOT and let's go see how we use navigation, navigation, navigate.
And we'll navigate to camera.
Now, if we do this, what's going to happen over here, if we reload is when we press this will go
over to the camera screen, but it won't really give us anything to see because we're rendering not.
So if we go over to settings and we click it now we're seeing the camera screen.
So we've set up our scenery for our camera module.
But now how are we going to implement the camera module like MO?
What options do we have now that we've set up everything we need to set up in order to implement the
camera?
Well, let's take a look at that.